Sasha: 
Hey Erick, What are you going to do today?

Eirck: 
Hey Sasha, I think I will just take some time to read a book and drink some tea today. 
Yesterday, I had a very tough day, so today I suppose I´ll only chill. 
You know, I need to take some time for myself.

Sasha: I envy you.
I wish I could take some moment to myself as well. 
I am goingto an appoinment right now. 
I have some exams to do and after I will take a busand I am going to go to work. 
I am very stressed as well, however my boss won´tallow us to get a day off until the end of the year.

Erick: Being a lawyer is certainly hard work, isn´t it. 
I consider being an engineerreally demanding really, 
but I am afraid that your job is even more demandingthan my own.

Sasha: I think so. 
My cousin is a phisycian, my sister is a veterinarian, my father isa builder, 
my mom is a baker and my nephew is a teacher, but none of themwork as much as I do. 
The problem here is that I don´t earn very well. That isvery unfair.

Erick: Sure it is!

Sasha: I think I only continue working where I am, 
because I truly love myprofession.

Ercik: Well, yes, that is fundamental really





Sasha: Hey Erick, What are you going to do today?

Eirck: Hey Sasha, I think I will just take some time to read a book and drink some
tea today. Yesterday, I had a very tough day, so today I suppose I'll only chill. You
know, I need to take some time for myself.

Sasha: I envy you. I wish I could take some moment to myself as well. I am going
to an appointment right now. I have some exams to do and after I will take a bus
and I am going to go to work. I am very stressed as well, however my boss won't
allow us to get a day off until the end of the year.

Erick: Being a lawyer is certainly hard work, isn't it. I consider being an engineer
really demanding really, but I am afraid that your job is even more demanding
than my own.

Sasha: I think so. My cousin is a phisycian, my sister is a veterinarian, my father is
a builder, my mom is a baker and my nephew is a teacher, but none of them
work as much as I do. The problem here is that I don't earn very well. That is
very unfair.

Erick: Sure it is!

Sasha: I think I only continue working where I am, because I truly love my
profession.

Ercik: Well, yes, that is fundamental really.
                
